README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h6>Simple Template using Bootstrap</h6>
  
  <img alt="Logo of the project" src="https://github.com/gabrielf7/create-template-bootstrap/blob/master/readme_files/Simples-Bootstrap-Designn.png" >
  
  <p>Simple template with bootstrap. Take your first step.</p>
</div>

## Technology 

<div align="center">
  <p>Here are the technologies used in this project.</p>
  
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/">NodeJS</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://pt-br.reactjs.org/">Bootstrap</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/">Fortawesome</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/">Popper.js</a>
</div>


## Services Used

* Github

## Before starting, some necessary requirements

* Know about Git and GitHub interaction and SASS for Bootstrap

## Getting started

* To install nodejs:
>    [nodejs-update](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* To clone repository with git:
>    $ git clone https://github.com/gabrielf7/create-template-bootstrap.git
* To access simple bootstrap:
>    $ cd create-template-bootstrap
* To access the numbered folder, for example, "create-template-bootstrap_01":
>    $ cd create-template-bootstrap_01
* To create node_modules in any project folder you want:
>    $ npm install
* To start simple bootstrap:
>    $ npm start


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/gabrielf7/PrimeiroBootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

Create by [@gabrielf7](https://github.com/gabrielf7)

### Please follow github and join us!
Thanks to visiting me and good coding!

Commit message:

Standard CSS usage information for this repository.
Standard CSS usage information for this repository.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h6>Simple Template using Bootstrap</h6>
  
  <img alt="Logo of the project" src="https://github.com/gabrielf7/create-template-bootstrap/blob/master/readme_files/Simples-Bootstrap-Designn.png" >
  
  <p>Simple template with bootstrap. Take your first step.</p>
</div>

## Technology 

<div align="center">
  <p>Here are the technologies used in this project.</p>
  
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/">NodeJS</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://pt-br.reactjs.org/">Bootstrap</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/">Fortawesome</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/">Popper.js</a>
</div>


## Services Used

* Github

## Before starting, some necessary requirements

* Know about Git and GitHub interaction and SASS for Bootstrap

## Getting started

* To install nodejs:
>    [nodejs-update](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* To clone repository with git:
>    $ git clone https://github.com/gabrielf7/create-template-bootstrap.git
* To access simple bootstrap:
>    $ cd create-template-bootstrap
* To access the numbered folder, for example, "create-template-bootstrap_01":
>    $ cd create-template-bootstrap_01
* To create node_modules in any project folder you want:
>    $ npm install
* To create the "compile" folder to manage css you need to execute the command below:
>    $ npm run scss-i
>    (OBS: It is advisable to manipulate the css after this command in the folder 
     styles / scss in the file "mystyles.scss", in this case, this file provides 
     manipulation of the existing CSS in Bootstrap and traditional CSS. 
     Any questions, just read the comments designated by the beginning "//").
* To start simple bootstrap:
>    $ npm start


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/gabrielf7/PrimeiroBootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

Create by [@gabrielf7](https://github.com/gabrielf7)

### Please follow github and join us!
Thanks to visiting me and good coding!
